2.1 Functional Requirements

1. User shall introduce new projects into the system by entering the following
information:
1.1. Project's name (text field, required)
1.2. Project's starting date (date-picker, required)
o This field shows the current date by default, but it shall be editable.
1.3. Project's description (text area, optional)
1.4. This information shall be saved for being used in other pages.
 
2. User shall create new tickets for persisting the history of a bug or enhancement by
entering the following information:
2.1. Project's name (dropdown list, required)
o This dropdown shall be populated by already introduced projects that are
sorted alphabetically ascending.
2.2. Bug's or enhancement's title (text field, required)
2.3. Bug's or enhancement's description (text area, optional)
2.4. This information shall be saved for being used in other pages.
3. User shall add comments in each ticket by entering the following information:
3.1. Comment's description (text area, required)
3.2. The system enters the current date-time (aka timestamp) automatically (text
field, non-editable).
4. User shall search for a ticket based on a substring in the ticket's title or project's
name.
5. User shall edit the information of a project after searching for it.
6. User shall edit the information of a ticket after searching for it.
7. User shall delete or edit a comment in a ticket. In this case the timestamp of the
comment changes to the current date-time.
8. User shall delete a ticket of a project.
9. User shall delete a project.
10. The system shall prevent leaving any required field empty during saving the
page's information.
2.2 Nonfunctional Requirements
1. The product must be a desktop application (not a web application).
2. The product shall run on Windows, Mac, and Linux OSes.
3. All data shall be persisted in the flat files (OS file system) or solely a simple
database called SQLite. Cloud databases could be used too. For example, AWS
gives everyone a full year free trial. No other databases are allowed.
4. The product does not have a specified name yet and picking an eye-catching
name is left for the contractor (= your team)